What's up?
You forgot something?
What did you forget?
You forgot to pee?
You should have done that.
But you look sick.
You're sick?
I'm not.
But look at this.
Tsutsumi is alive.
This is Tsutsumi.
This is Fune.
Fune
Hey, let's talk.
You look like you're going to drown.
Hey, don't be so rude.
You're a good speaker.
But you're not going to talk.
You're not going to talk.
I told you something good.
I had a fight with Tsutsumi.
I'm not going to talk.
The fight between you and me is a word fight.
If you win, you're lucky.
If you lose, you're unlucky.
It's a fight for luck.
I see.
I did one thing.
I'm not going to talk.
I'm going to talk.
Don't be ridiculous.
Do you think Tsuttsumi can't beat you?
Strictly
Or you think I will win?
There was a bit of family here.
That's in a way.
You said there was something going on.
What did you say?
That's democracy.
I'm going to talk.
What do you think?
That's emotions.
Why will you say that?
That's what I said.
But that's ridiculous.
I thought I'd show you the video, but I was wrong.
This is my marriage certificate.
I'm sorry.
You're so stubborn.
You said you'd marry me.
I'm sorry.
You're so stubborn.
You have money in your parents' house.
You can't get it.
Those who return home can't get the evidence.
Let me prove I'm stubborn.
After getting a örage,
you have cold feet and so bad ass legs that
full of girls come look for me at the back of the Możipan潣,
cuz I can find some Poj起.
How's that, man?
I see.
What am I supposed to do?
I have money in my parents' house.
and bring a bottle of drink from Okubimachi
and sing cheerfully
but he isn't Finally you friends
in familiar
do not 최
Nice to meet you.
Thanks for visit.